Cannes 2014: The worst films of the festival in pictures
For every Palme d’Or there’s a please don’t. Catherine Shoard ventures off-piste at Cannes to round-up the B-movies unlikely to appear in any ‘best of the festival’ lists. Could this year’s Sharknado be among them?

Share 142 
inShare
0 Email
 Catherine Shoard
Catherine Shoard
 
theguardian.com, Friday 23 May 2014 12.54 BST
Jump to comments (99)
Print this  
God Loves Caviar
Catherine Deneuve looks unimpressed about appearing in this epic about a “humble Greek pirate” who gets rich flogging fish eggs. Nice to see John Cleese still sticking with the Basil Fawlty moustache, though.
Wood Job
Despite that title and suggestive chainsaw silhouette, this is a lumberjack comedy aimed at kids. Director Shinobu Yaguchi has form with the unintentional innuendo: previous films include Swing Girls and My Secret Cache.
Airplane vs Volcano
“Based on the true story!” screams the poster. You know, the one about the commercial jet trapped within a ring of erupting volcanos. It was all over the news. Perhaps you were away that week.
Robodog
At first glance, it’s just a thirsty Jack Russell with cataracts. But peer closely and you see that, actually, Archie is one of those comedy movie concepts that in real life would have you running for the hills.
Please Be Normal
Sam Waterston’s stinkface suggests the modest plea of the title has not been realised. Either his date is a nightmare, or the boiler has not rectified itself, or that rash has come back. Something is terribly wrong, that’s for sure.
Pettson And Findus
Who knows what horrors might lurk in the bungalow of the man who wears a tall yellow hat and puts dungarees on his cat? “More than 600,000 admissions!” trumpets the poster. But how many managed to escape?
i'm not angry
I'm just disappointed. Everybody's favourite passive-aggressive trump card finally gets its own movie.
sex maniac
The maniac is presumably the one prostrate on the coffee table. It's almost reassuring the other figure just looks bored, rather than terrified.
thermae romae
We've all had days like this. The seas are parting, the volcano's smouldering, bitchy-looking blokes are peering out at you from a sky of flames *and* that tape is on blink again.
kungfood
Steamed Bun Captain enlists the help of Noodle Lady, Sushi man, Fried-Noodle-Stick Man, Stone Bread Man, Dumpling Baby and Bun Roll Girl to fight pirates and track down an ancient Food Bible. Imagine you'd been so ill with food poisoning you started to hallucinate. This is what you'd see.
probation order
Hard to identify a plot or even a genre from this hectic effort featuring 14 cast members. The title doesn't bear any relation to the photo. The tagline would take about a week to work out.
sniff
This looks like the poster for a movie made in about two minutes. But in fact, Sniff The Dog Movie is an ambitious meta-docu-drama in which Neil Morrissey and Amanda Plummer play actors who become concierges in a San Francisco dog hotel. Really.
